update readme link (#2752)
replicatedhq/kURL: README.md

# Releases

> For details on each release, see [kurl.sh/release-notes](https://github.com/replicatedhq/kURL/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on each release, see [the release notes](https://docs.replicated.com/release-notes/rn-kubernetes-installer).
```
